[telemetry] expose getIsOptedIn function in plugin start contract (#75143)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/telemetry/README.md

3. Viewing usage data in the Kibana instance of the telemetry cluster (Viewing).

This plugin is responsible for sending usage data to the telemetry cluster. For collecting usage data, use the [`usageCollection` plugin](../usage_collection/README.md)

## Telemetry Plugin public API

### Setup

The `setup` function exposes the following interface:

- `getTelemetryUrl: () => Promise<URL>`:
  An async function that resolves into the telemetry Url used to send telemetry. The url is wrapped with node's [URL constructor](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html). Here is an example on how to grab the url origin:
  ```
  const telemetryUrl = await getTelemetryUrl();
    > telemetryUrl.origin; // 'https://telemetry.elastic.co'
  ```
  Note that the telemetry URL is a kibana.yml configuration hence it is recommended to call the `getTelemetryUrl` everytime before using the actual url.

### Start

The `start` function exposes the following interface:

- `async getIsOptedIn(): Promise<boolean>`:
  An async function that resolves into `true` if the user has opted into send Elastic usage data.
  Resolves to `false` if the user explicitly opted out of sending usage data to Elastic or did not choose

>   to opt-in or out yet after an minor or major upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to opt-in or out yet after a minor or major upgrade (only when previously opted out).
```
